<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--


https://codepen.io/Lisabpink/pen/MWWEeRr?editors=1100


Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

        The process of providing meaning to your content via markups. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 

        Makes websites readable and easily interpreted by machines and humans

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 



    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

        Used for main title and only used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes



    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

        things that are important to the page like page name and font links but that you do not want seen in the browser

    7. What is an id? 

        A unique id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

        Any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

        once

    10. What is a class? 

        Any

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

        Any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

        As many as you need to

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

        <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/index.css">

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

        The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an area, if the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?

        #idOfTheElement

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

        A section usually contains several divs and dive wrap around smaller pieces of content

    17. What is CSS used for? 

        styling elements

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

        h2{
            color:pink;
        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

        Elements can only have one ID but classes can be shared with ohter elements

        Use ID if you have one element that will be the only thing styled that way on the page

        Use class if you have several objects you want to have the same styling


    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

            with a dot

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

        .human p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

        selecting the parent also selects all the children benlow or nested into the parent

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

        .sidebar nav a{
            
        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

        First, second, last, second to last ect. 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

        line-height: 1.5;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        
        letter-spacing: 2px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

            text-transform: uppercase;
            text-transform: lowercase;
            text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

        *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

         /*Like this */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

        rm, you cannot undo it and no pop up warning box appears

    34. Why should I use version control? 



    35. How often should I commit to github?

        Every 20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 